# Python 3 "Black Hat Python" Source Code

Source code for the book "Black Hat Python" by Justin Seitz. The code has been
 fully converted to Python 3, reformatted to comply with PEP8 standards and refactored to eliminate dependency issues involving the implementation of deprecated libraries.

Although many optimizations could have been implemented in the source code
 presented
throughout the book, the code was left unaltered as much as possible so that
such modifications can be applied by the reader as he sees fit. The code as
it is needs some serious refactoring efforts ranging from docstrings to type
hinting and exception handling, not to mention enhancements like context
 managers, but these issues by themselves may come to benefit the reader if 
 he has the intention of implementing them. It also presents many bugs
 originating from indentation that have been corrected if fatal errors were 
 to be avoided during runtime.
 
*A conversion similar to this one has been made available by myself on the
 source code of the book "Violent Python", by TJ O'Connor. Check it out
  [here](https://github.com/EONRaider/violent-python3) if you haven't done it
   yet.*

## Usage
Simply choose a directory (DIR) in which to clone the project using
`git clone`, create a new virtual environment or `venv` for it (recommended
) and install the requirements using `pip install`.

```
user@host:~/DIR$ git clone https://github.com/EONRaider/blackhat-python3
user@host:~/DIR$ python3 -m venv venv
user@host:~/DIR$ source venv/bin/activate
(venv) user@host:~/DIR$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Notes
- Some listings presented on the book were missing from the author's code
 repository available from "no starch press" website and were
added to their respective chapters. A more accurate naming convention has
been applied to the files as necessary in order to relate them to the code
presented in the book.
- Minor bugs that generated warnings by the interpreter have been fixed
 throughout the code without altering its characteristics.
- Auxiliary files that were required to make the code work were added to their 
respective chapters.
- As a personal side-note, it could have been possible for the author
 to have written cleaner code without jeopardizing the quickness of
  implementation that is required for ethical hacking engagements. Why he
   opted for not doing so remains of unknown reason.

## Refactoring

Critical bug fixes that had to be made in order to properly implement the
 source code and avoid fatal errors:
- `chapter02/bh_sshserver.py` required the RSA key contained in the `test_rsa.key` file, now included in the corresponding directory.
- `chapter03/sniffer_ip_header_decode.py` & `sniffer_with_icmp.py` & `scanner.py` all had serious
 issues in the definition of IP packet sizes and portability between 32/64-bit 
 architectures due to problems in the implementation of `struct`. More about these 
 issues on [this thread on Stack Overflow.](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29306747/python-sniffing-from-black-hat-python-book#29307402)
- `chapter03/scanner.py` used the `netaddr` library, which is not
 maintained anymore and presents many incompatibilities with Python 3. 
 For that reason the code has been refactored and now uses the `ipaddress`
  module from Python's `stdlib`.
- `chapter04/arper.py` & `mail_sniffer.py` used the `scapy` library, which is
 not compatible with Python 3. For that reason the code has been refactored and 
 now uses the `kamene` library.
- `chapter04/pic_carver.py` now uses the `opencv-python` library instead of
`cv2`. The "cv2.cv" module was deprecated and has been replaced. The parameter
"cv2.cv.CV_HAAR_SCALE_IMAGE" from the original code was replaced by 
"cv2.CASCADE_SCALE_IMAGE" because of [this commit](https://github.com/ragulin/face-recognition-server/commit/7b9773be352cbcd8a3aff50c7371f8aaf737bc5c).
- `chapter05/content_bruter.py` required a wordlist to work. It has been added
to the chapter under `all.txt`
- `chapter05/joomla_killer.py` required a wordlist to work. It has been added
to the chapter under `cain.txt`
- `chapter06/bhp_bing.py` & `bhp_fuzzer.py` & `bhp_wordlist.py` have been
 reformatted to comply with PEP8, though some warnings will still be
  triggered due to the necessity to conform class names to camel-casing in
   this specific application on Burp Suite.
- `chapter06/jython-standalone-2.7.2.jar` is available as a more updated
 version of the file relative to the one presented in the book.
- `chapter07/git_trojan.py` was refactored to replace the `imp` library (now
 deprecated) for `types`. A subdirectory structure with the necessary
  configuration files has been implemented as instructed in the book. The
   "trojan_config" variable was missing the relative path to the `config` subdirectory. A call to "to_tree" method was added to line 60 in order to
   avoid an AttributeError exception generated by the original code.
   Instructions on how to generate an access token
   instead of using one's password in case 2FA is being used were included as comments.
- `chapter08/keylogger.py` requires the `PyHook` library to work. A wheel file
 has been included with the 1.6.2 version. If necessary, other versions can
  be downloaded from [here](https://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#pyhook).
- `chapter09/ie_exfil.py` threw errors due to the handling of the plaintext
 variable (which can appear as a string or as a binary string) when handed over 
 to the "encrypt_string" function. Additionally, the use of the `base64` library was
  corrected. *Contribution from [Enraged](https://github.com/Enraged) at 
  [this commit](https://github.com/EONRaider/blackhat-python3/pull/2/commits/fcab6afc19fc4ea01b8c5c475e7b8c5e4b158df6).*

## Contributing

As a matter of common sense, first try to discuss the change you wish to make to
this repository via an issue.

1. Ensure the modifications you wish to introduce actually lead to a pull
request. The change of one line or two should be requested through an issue
 instead.
2. If necessary, update the README.md file with details relative to changes to
 the project structure.
3. Make sure the commit messages that include the modifications follow a
 standard. If you don't know how to proceed, [here](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)
  is a great reference on how to do it.
4. Your request will be reviewed as soon as possible (usually within 48 hours).

